To provide our Redux store
to the React app,
we typically go into this index JS file,
where we rendered the entire app.
So to the highest level we can go,
in our react application,
to the top of our component tree,
where we render this root component.
And now here,
we can import from react Redux.
So not from Redux,
but from react Redux.
And what we import here,
is now the provider component.
This is actually a component.
And now we wrap,
all our root component, with provider,
a little bit,
as we used our own context provider components.
If you recall that
from earlier in the course.
We also build our own context, provider components,
using react context,
and we wrapped our app
or a part of our app
with that as well.
We're basically doing the same here,
and you don't have to use provider
on this highest component level.
You could also wrap nested components with provider,
but only wrapped components
and their child components,
and the child components
of the child components,
and so on.
Only those components will have access
to Redux thereafter.
And if the vast majority
of your components need access
to the store,
if maybe your entire app,
needs access to the store,
you should typically provide,
on this highest level.
Now just by wrapping Provider around app,
we're not telling react Redux
and react therefore,
which store we wanna provide.
Sure. We only have one store,
but that's stored in this index JS file,
react Redux of course doesn't know
that data file holds our store.
Instead we have
to import our store from,
store index in this case.
So that store,
which we're exporting in there,
we're importing this
into index JS,
and on this provider,
which we import from react Redux.
We have a store prop,
which we have to set.
And this one's a value,
a value which is our Redux store.
So this store,
which we're importing here,
we're setting this as a value,
for the store prop
on this provider component.
And that now provides our Redux store,
cue this react app.
Now on its own,
that doesn't do much.
Now to store is provided,
but that doesn't change anything
at the moment.
But now our components in this app,
the app component,
and any other child components,
can tap into that store.
They can get data out of the store.
They can set up a subscription
to that data to be precise,
and they also can dispatch actions.
And that's what we're therefore going to do next.